	
Natasha M.
WA, WA
11214
May 2, 2026
I have lived at The Circle for about 2.5 years and would highly recommend STAYING AWAY from this place.

Main issues:
1. Fire alarms - MOST IMPORTANT ISSUE AFFECTING QUALITY OF LIFE HERE
The fire alarm system has been broken the entire time I've lived here (again, 2.5 years). The alarm activates randomly and so frequently that residents and the fire department do not ever take them seriously anymore. They will activate at any time of the day or night, for minutes up to hours.

The alarms are also loud enough to cause permanent hearing damage (up to 110 dB according to apple watch, which is excessively loud to say the least). I would especially stay away from this place if you have children or pets, as I can't imagine how distressing the alarms must be for them.

2. Roaches
My building (amalfi) is heavily infested with german roaches. I called pest control several times, but all they did was put out sticky traps which obviously didn't solve the issue. Because the building is infested, there is not much an individual resident can do to control the infestation anyway without the complex doing something about it.

3. Security
People frequently get their tires stolen in the garage and many of the doors to the complex are just unlocked and open to the public even though there are key fob scanners- the doors are just broken and there has been no attempt to fix them. There was also an attempt at a robbery a couple of weeks ago where a couple of men tried to break into several of the apartments in my hallway.

4. Unhelpful & ineffective management
The management is not well versed on their own policies, which causes them to tell residents different things and give them the runaround for simple issues. They also drag their feet when fixing problems that arise- for example, the parking garage gates frequently stop working, and it will take them up to a month to fix them.

5. Quality of apartment units
When I moved in, there was a strong stench of pet urine coming from the carpet from the previous tenant, and it was clear that there was no attempt to clean it before I moved in. Maintenance tried to clean it after I asked, which did not help, and I had to be very pushy to get management to replace the carpet (a literal biohazard), which still didn't get rid of the smell. The appliances are also outdated (dishwasher is so ineffective you have to hand wash everything, so they should either update it or stop advertising it as an amenity).

Absolutely do not live here.

Matthew G.
Houston, TX
021
Nov 7, 2025
WARNING | PLEASE READ | Do not live here | No vives aquí

Summary points:
* Lease Termination: Expect the Morgan Group and The Circle to try to impose false or additional charges after you move out.
* Rent/Fees: While base rent is fair, mandatory fees can add up to $300 extra per month.
* Fire Alarms: Alarms are painfully loud and activate so frequently that the fire department ignores them, and residents can't tell if there is a real fire.
* Management: Management is unhelpful, deceptive (downplaying emergencies), and takes advantage of residents unfamiliar with their lease.
* Safety/Security: Security is poor. There are frequent car and apartment break-ins because parking gates are often broken or left open.
* Packages: The communal package room is a mess, resulting in frequent package theft.
* Shuttle Service: The non-included shuttle is unreliable, poorly managed, and dangerously overcrowded.

Bailey G.
Houston, TX
0817
Jun 11, 2024
10 photos
TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE !

Warning *** if you live here you run the risk of having to throw away half of your belongings due to a MOLD issue. It has been 2 weeks since the circle has been notified of the leak and nothing has been done.

Living at the circle property has put me in danger several times due to my key fob not working and being locked outside at night.

Maintenance leaves the place an absolute mess. Trash everywhere for days on end. Terrible wrenching smell is overwhelming throughout hallways.

MOLD and health hazard that does not get resolved in a timely manner causing me breathing problems.


Water dropping from the ceiling.

FECAL matter throughout resident hallways including the floor / walls.

Im so disgusted by the lack of care or human decency to the residents at the circle. Basic human needs and cleanliness is being neglected and it is causing health concerns.

Management does not get back to you or handle problems correctly. So disappointing.

See all photos from Bailey G. for The Circle at Hermann Park

Business owner information
Karen M.

Business Manager

Jun 20, 2024

Bailey, we are committed to high standards of upkeep and service in meeting our residents' needs. We are concerned by your observations about our responsiveness and the maintenance of your home, and we want to help. Please reach out to manager.thecircle@morgangroup.com. Thank you, and we look forward to assisting you.


Read more

Arko B.
Houston, TX
1193611
Mar 22, 2024
Update: water shutoff lasted almost 4 complete days.

In the midst of a 42 hours of water shutoff and no ETA yet for when it will be restored. What a luxury we are living in!

There are frequent car breakins, water shutoffs, and blaring false fire alarms in the middle of the night.

There are so many false fire alarms in the middle of the night that if ever there is a real fire, everyone living here would actually be burnt alive because no one goes outside during the fire alarm anymore. Also, the alarm is so insanely loud that it is a potential risk to children, elderly, and people who are not doing well. We fear losing our hearing before our lease is up unless, of course, we burn to death before that.

You can live with CONTAMINATED WATER SUPPLY for 3 months and counting, where the manager threatens to escort you out when you ask them when the problem will be fixed, where the management does not bother even to fix unreasonable utility bills (because of their efforts to locate the cause of the contamination), and will simply not respond to any e-mail communication. Yes, we have been living with a contaminated water supply for over 3 month now, with the management unable to locate the cause of the issue and no follow-ups or no end in sight for even if the issue will be fixed at all! The management knows everything and is unwilling to respond at all.

Business owner information
Karen M.

Business Manager

Mar 27, 2024

Arko, we are truly sorry for the inconvenience you have experienced regarding the interrupted water service, and restoring our residents' comfort and peace of mind is paramount. We strive to be responsive to our residents' communication, and we ask that you reach out to manager.thecircle@morgangroup.com to further discuss your concerns, in the event your previous email was not received. Thank you for your time. and we hope to turn your experience around soon.


Read more

Nancy C.
Houston Museum District, Houston, TX
070
Apr 19, 2025
Dirty, fire alarms going off regularly. Hallways smell like weed. Trash piles up frequently in the trash room.

Ronnel L.
Northside / Northline, Houston, TX
020
Aug 12, 2024
I really like living here.

Avery the leasing consultant is fantastic!

Living here has been very comfortable to say the least.

Christine V.
Glenview, IL
010
May 6, 2024
It is currently 3:42 am and the fire alarm went off again the noise is so loud you can't do anything but sit and wait for it to end while covering your ears as hard as possible this continues to happen over and over again especially at inconvenient times like this. It is unacceptable and this apartment complex does not care. This is just another one of the continuing issues with the complex I have experienced this year and would not recommend this apartment to anyone. I have never written a review before but I felt I needed to let people know before living here because it can seem very nice from the outside but the issues are not worth living with

Business owner information
Karen M.

Business Manager

May 11, 2024

Christine, thank you for raising this concern with us, as we are also eager to take care of this important maintenance. Please contact us at manager.thecircle@morgangroup.com for us to ensure you have the most recent updates on our efforts.


Read more

Pablo G.
TX, TX
051
Mar 16, 2024
only giving it one more star because rent is a decent price for the hermann park area. apart from that, you can expect loud maintenance noises, rude neighbors/staff, invasions of privacy from the staff, and general uncleanliness in the common areas. there's cockroaches, walls that are obviously repainted every time a tenant moves, cheap carpets, cardboard countertops that are advertised as "granite" or "marble", etc. there are some issues that i've had that are too personal to say, but what really broke me was when i was crying in my own apartment (these past months have been really difficult for me) and the staff THREATENED TO CALL THE POLICE ON ME. that is absolutely horrendous, i understand knocking on my door and telling me to quiet down if im being too loud, but to take it that far over a personal matter is not right at all. not only that, they try to make everything look nice for people touring so they move in, but please don't be fooled. moving in here is only worth if all you want is to be in a good area, and even then, you can find nicer apartments for the same price somewhere by midtown or montrose. i wouldn't wish the issues that this apartments has given me on my worst enemy.

Business owner information
Karen M.

Business Manager

Mar 20, 2024

Pablo, thank you for sharing your experiences, as we are truly committed to our residents' comfort and value your feedback. We have noted your feedback about upkeep, cleanliness, and pest control and welcome the chance to speak with you about how we can best support you. Please contact manager.thecircle@morgangroup.com to discuss any lingering concerns.


Read more

Wes M.
Missouri City, TX
080
Sep 30, 2022
First to Review
The complex is not bad overall and move in was pretty smooth. Day 1 our dryer did not work which, while resolved quickly, was the first of many problems. We filed multiple maintenance tickets for issues including mold/mildew in the AC vents, and a kitchen AC vent that ended up literally being fake. We did not get traction with multiple tickets for those issues for over a month. All this while many of the security features (key fob gates and doors) were frequently simply unlocked and non-functioning for significant lengths of time. After 2.5 months we'd had enough and filed a complaint asking to be released from our lease. The violations of housing codes we referenced in our letter were enough to get them to release us. There was a management company change just a week or two after we moved in in June and ever since things declined significantly according to other residents as well. Our last night there-- over a dozen vehicles broken into in the parking garage and 2 were stolen. We will not be returning nor do we recommend that anyone else go there.

